Update active-links.md (#2207)
vuejs/router: packages/docs/guide/essentials/active-links.md

```

> See [Extending RouterLink](../advanced/extending-router-link) for more advanced customization techniques.
> 
> ## Slot Properties
> 
> The RouterLink component in Vue 3 offers two [`slot properties`](https://vuejs.org/guide/components/slots.html#scoped-slots), which indicate whether the RouterLink component is `active` or in an `exact active` state. These slot properties can be utilized to pass information down to any child component.
> 
> ```vue-html
> <RouterLink to="/user/dashboard" v-slot={ isActive }>
>   <ChildComponent :active="isActive" />   
> </RouterLink>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Extending RouterLink](../advanced/extending-router-link) for more advanced customization techniques using the `v-slot` API.
```
